---
title: Week 21
layout: post
author: tom.vicary
permalink: /week-21/
source-id: 1X6pQZhaDCbSr5jEhhhH1-2zWHNMN2AuIIFfmHR1SA9A
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Codecademy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>Week 21</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Strings and console output</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get to conditionals and control flow</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? (add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For the majority of this lesson we were on codecademy. Only getting stuck when typing things in wrong, then unsticking ourselves. I learnt how strings worked and how I can use date and time correctly. Also mid lesson we had a talk on cheating and how we are doing but not realising that. In today's lesson this form of cheating happened. In this type of cheating someone ask for help and is given the answer without trying that hard to get the problem solved. It's like having someone point out the answers in a test for you. This is bad because when it does come up in a test you won't know what to do and won't have your friend to help you.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Sometimes getting a piece of code wrong and slowing me down limits my learn as it stops me from learning more. I can improve this by proofreading my code. This will enable me to stop getting slowed down unnecessarily.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will proofread my work to make sure I haven't made any mistakes in the code, so I can maximize my learning.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


